Improve the fault tolerance doc (#269)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/reference/architecture/overview.md

| Raw           | A lower-level key-value API to interact directly with individual key-value pairs | Single key    | Your application requires low latency and does not involve multi-key transactions. |
| Transactional | A higher-level key-value API to provide snapshot isolation transaction           | Multiple keys | Your application requires distributed transactions.                           |

| Concept        |                                                   Description                                                    |
| -------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| **Raft Group** |                  Each replica of a region is called Peer. All of such peers form a raft group.                   |

> | **Leader**     | In every raft group, there is a unique role called leader, are responsible for read/write requests from clients. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Leader**     | In every raft group, there is a unique role called leader, who is responsible for processing read or write requests from clients. |
```
